W-16224232 runtime logs gr (#627)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-view-logs-in-runtime-manager.adoc

= Viewing Logs in Runtime Manager
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: runtime-manager::flex-gateway-monitoring.adoc, flex-view-logs-in-monitoring.adoc
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Use Runtime Manager to view the runtime and access logs of your Flex Gateway. Runtime Manager enables you search for key words within the logs and to filter by *Replica*, *Time Range*, and *Log Level*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Runtime Manager to view the runtime and access logs of your Flex Gateway. Runtime Manager enables you to search for keywords within the logs and to filter by *Replica*, *Time Range*, and *Log Level*.
```

NOTE: For an API's access logs to be visible, you must apply a Message Logging policy to that API. To learn more, see xref:flex-conn-message-log.adoc[].

> To access Flex Gateway logs in the Runtime Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Flex Gateway logs in Runtime Manager:
```

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.
. Select *Flex Gateway* in the navigation menu.

> . Click the name of the gateway to which you want to add an API.

Reviewer: I'm a little confused. Are they adding an API here? Or are they ultimately viewing logs in Runtime Manager?

= Viewing Logs in Runtime Manager
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: runtime-manager::flex-gateway-monitoring.adoc, flex-view-logs-in-monitoring.adoc
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Use Runtime Manager to view the runtime logs of your Flex Gateway. Runtime Manager enables you to search for keywords within the logs and to filter by *Replica*, *Time Range*, and *Log Level*. 

Reviewer 2: I would add the same warning that we have on the access logs page, that states the storage limits of 100mb or 30 days

Reviewer 2: here https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/latest/flex-conn-message-log, the limits and features section

> NOTE: For an API's access logs to be visible, you must apply a Message Logging policy to that API. To learn more, see xref:flex-conn-message-log.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: Runtime manager logs are runtime logs only, no access logs

= Viewing Logs in Runtime Manager
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: runtime-manager::flex-gateway-monitoring.adoc, flex-view-logs-in-monitoring.adoc
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

Use Runtime Manager to view the runtime logs of your Flex Gateway. Runtime Manager enables you to search for keywords within the logs and to filter by *Replica*, *Time Range*, and *Log Level*. 

Access logs are not visible in Runtime Manager. To learn more about access logs, see xref:flex-conn-message-log.adoc[].

> Runtime Manager stores up to 100 MB of logs per Flex Replica for 30 days. Runtime Manager automatically purges logs that go beyond 100 MB per Flex Replica. If you need more storage, you can either use a third-party service or sign up for the Anypoint Integration Advanced package or a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform. 

Reviewer 2: replace `per Flex Replica` with `per Flex Gateway`. Also remove Integration Advanced package, leave only Titanium subscriptions
